I'll show you the new one
receiver from ten eck the ego ze 32 15
for the bmw 3 series we look
times the navi
we can start the navigation by
we'll push that husky down here or
simply in taj field menu on navi
Press we make the same times
and see the navi launches now
we have a great screen
navigation menu there we have four
different choices yourself
let the map show a goal
search my route for an entered
route to edit and of course more
to make various settings
Let's go to the easiest thing we do
all do when we go on vacation
We want to enter our destination
I press on search now then
we can search and give address here
for example, a city
Let's give Munich a confirm
Let's go by we green the
press tick then we give the
street name one
and then let's just go to the
dublin street again with the green
check if we have one
House number 1 just want to give up
house number otherwise there is also the
possibility to enter a crossroads
if we do not know the house number
then we take the 3 ok then see
We are already here where we will come out
in munich then we go on and
then the already starts
route calculation and already is the
route because here we have again the
overall view here we see how many
Total kilometers are to drive and
Of course, the journey time we up
then you can use it here as well
count down or just let go
Press and we can navigate
down here we now have the distance
stand when we press on it
appears a menu falls there we have
The distance is the remaining time
and the arrival time
if we choose one such as the
remaining time then remains only the
remaining time will stand if we are now
We can go back in the menu
Here , for example, on my route
give
we can change the route we can
show us a summary again
leave where we are or we
can also delete the route if we
no longer want to navigate with
of course we come back
again out of the menu, we go up
we have a map above
small plus
with the plus there is another menu
on where we go a few fast
settings have, for example, the volume in
the navigation
we can simply tap or
set through
here we have a red one
setting for example for fast
route slow route economical route and
so on and of course we can too
delete the route here
an interesting feature is, for example
if we go back to search here
then we have the last goals here
stand and here are always the
two last given goals and one
Another is that we have one here
that is to say, they have always had an intelligent course
more often we operate the navigation device
and use the more routes will be
saved then we can from the
Select route we ever
are driven
here we have another one
interesting possibility if we are to
example again to go search
we also search special destinations we go
for example, on custom
search
We would like to enter a city
I'm looking for a specific goal, for example
I'm in Berlin and need a doctor there
we'll just scroll on
down with these two buttons go up
medicine ambulance service then choose the
doctor from I take now just times
a doctor can navigate us there
let us also schonmal here
show where the doctor is
interesting feature is also that we
Diverse doctors can also call at
which then as seen here is the
phone number is also deposited
Let's go to more then that
dialing the phone number
of course, I'll put it on again like
you see when a phone with the
coupled is working very well
then we can close that then go
Let's get started again and join us
doctor to navigate
we'll see you again here
voransicht where we drive in berlin long
have to
we start going and it starts
route guidance if we eg one
Looking for parking in a city
We search again for special destinations
I want a parking space nearby
of the destination then we just click
on parking at the destination here in the
Quick search can also be found restaurants
on the way or gas stations depending on
what we want or we go
again on custom search then
We can choose if we have the parking
in a city looking in the way
close to the destination or here we go
just get close to your goal
then we look for parking then
Can we choose one ?
couple chaos a parking lot outdoors or
a resting place for example at the
Highway car parks are located in
big cities the most
then we choose the park inn
parking garage near our destination then
it will continue to be new route then
that as an intermediate goal and one
is directed directly to the parking garage and
Let's go if I'm up for it
decided another
to adjust the map view
I go to this plus you then
card settings and then I can
Here the view mode switch from the 3d
Mode on the bird's eye view
then I can see that from above
many people like me too
of course, also adjust
I go to cards again
attitudes perspective and then can
I'll go even further
then get the navigation guidance
like this